Merge code styling sections into Reproducible Research guide (#4458)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/info-management/code-styling.md

(pd-code-styling)=
# Code Styling

Have you ever opened a code file two years after running an analysis only to find that you have no immediate memory of what it does?
Have you received analysis files from a collaborator with meaningless file names like `analysis_1final_FINAL.R`, or variables named `x1`, `x2`, `temp`?

Consistent code styling makes your research code easier to read, maintain, and share with collaborators.
Well-formatted code reduces errors and makes it easier for others (including your future self) to understand your work.
This is an important aspect of information management in collaborative research projects.

For comprehensive guidance on code styling, including:
- Why coding style matters for code quality and reproducibility
- File and variable naming conventions
- Writing readable code (comments, indentation, line length)
- Style guides for various programming languages (PEP8, Google Style Guide, and others)
- Automatic formatting and linting tools (Black, autopep8, lintr, and more)
- Static code analysis tools

> - Online code quality services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think there is a complete sentence here "For comprehensive guidance on code styling..." what?

I think it isn't needed to repeat the contents of the other chapters here.

> See the {ref}`Code Quality<rr-code-quality>` chapter in the Reproducible Research guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conventions and tools to improve code quality are discussed in detail in [](#rr-code-quality) in [](#rr).
```
